SOURCE_RELATIVE_PATH: downloads/folders/ĐỀ WRITING SAMPLE/ĐỀ 11.pdf
SOURCE_FILE_NAME: ĐỀ 11.pdf
QUEUE_ORDER: 76
EXTRACTION_CLASS: VALID_TEXT_EXTRACTED
PAGE_COUNT: 13

----- BEGIN PDF TEXT -----
          TOEIC WRITING TEST
This writing test includes 8 questions that evaluate your
ability to write English.
This test will take approximately 60 minutes.
PART 1
Questions 1-5: Write a sentence based on a picture.

Directions: In this part of the test, you will write ONE sentence that is based on
a picture. With each picture, you will be given TWO words or phrases that you
must use in your sentence. You can change the forms of the words and you can
use the words in any order. Your sentences will be scored on:

   ●​ The appropriate use of grammar
   ●​ The relevance of the sentence to the picture

You will have 8 minutes to complete this part of the test.
                               CONTRACT/PEN

A man in a black suit is signing a contract with a pen.
                             WASH/BEFORE

Two people are washing their hands before making lunch.
                              TELEVISION/ON

A man is sitting on a sofa and watching television.
                               LUGGAGE/CAR

Two people are loading their luggage into a car.
                                EXAMINE/AS

A boy is having his eyes examined as he can’t see well.
PART 2
Questions 6-7: Respond to a written request.

Directions: In this part of the test, you will show how well you can write a
response to an email. Your response will be scored on:

   ●​ The quality and variety of your sentences
   ●​ Vocabulary
   ●​ Organization

You will have 10 minutes to read and answer each email.
Dear Riverside Library, / Dear Ms. John,

My name is Khoi Tran, and I am a local citizen who wants to use the library. I
am writing in response to your email dated March 27.

I have a couple of questions and I hope to receive your answers. First, could you
let me know what the opening hours of the library are? Moreover, can I borrow
as many books as I want, or will there be any limits? Besides, I hope that you
can send me a detailed map of the library. This would help me browse the
library more easily and avoid getting lost.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best regards,

Khoi Tran
Dear Ms. Foster,

My name is Khoi Tran, and I am the customer service manager of Blaza Airline.
I am writing in response to your email dated June 21.

First of all, please accept my sincere apology for any inconvenience this may
have caused. The crew members assisting you on flight SD2541 were recently
hired, so making mistakes was very likely to happen. Furthermore, they didn’t
receive enough training to handle such complex situations like flight delays.
Therefore, I just really hope for your understanding and forgiveness.

To compensate for this terrible experience, we would like to offer you a 50%
discount for your next flight and we also want to invite you to use our lounge
services at no cost.

Once again, I am very sorry for this problem and I promise to provide you with
better care in the future.

Best regards,
Khoi Tran
PART 3
Question 8: Write an opinion essay.

Directions: In this part of the test, you will write an essay in response to a
question that asks you to state, explain and support your opinion on an issue.
Typically an effective essay will contain a minimum of 300 words. Your
response will be scored on:

   ●​ Whether your opinion is supported with reasons and/or examples
   ●​ Grammar
   ●​ Vocabulary
   ●​ Organization

You will have 30 minutes to plan, write, and revise your essay.



Do you agree or disagree with the following statement?

Cooking and enjoying meals at home is better than eating out at restaurants.

Give reasons and examples to support your opinion.



In today’s world, there is a popular statement among the general public,
claiming that cooking and enjoying meals at home is better than eating out at
restaurants. From my point of view, I totally agree with this idea. In this essay, I
will provide several reasons to support my opinion.

First, enjoying meals at home is more cost-effective than dining out. Normally,
the food prices in restaurants are quite expensive to match the high quality of
ingredients, effort made by chefs and beautiful dining space. Moreover, when
eating at restaurants, we usually have to tip for waiters because they serve us
attentively during our meals. However, if we choose to eat at home, we can
avoid wasting on those expenses. As a result, we can save a lot of money and
stay within budget.

Second, eating homemade food allows us to ensure our health. This is because
we can select fresh and clean ingredients to make nutritious meals. In addition,
we can also adjust the dishes to suit the taste of each family member. In
contrast, when eating at a restaurant, we might not know the origin of the food
and the hygiene conditions in the kitchen. Consuming low-quality products
could lead to serious health issues.

Last but not least, this is a good way to help us strengthen family relationships.
When family members engage in the food-making process, they are likely to
have many opportunities to connect with each other. For example, my family
usually spends time cooking on the weekends. During these moments, we can
share multiple stories about work or school, helping us understand each other
better and having memorable experiences. Besides, when gathering around the
kitchen like this, we can also share tasks and support each other. Consequently,
love and positive energy are always present in my house.

In conclusion, I am strongly convinced that preparing and having meals at home
is far more enjoyable than eating out. However, other people might have
different opinions from mine. This all depends on their preferences,
personalities and ways of thinking.
