SOURCE_RELATIVE_PATH: downloads/speaking-writing-sample-tests IIG.pdf
SOURCE_FILE_NAME: speaking-writing-sample-tests IIG.pdf
QUEUE_ORDER: 86
EXTRACTION_CLASS: VALID_TEXT_EXTRACTED
PAGE_COUNT: 12

----- BEGIN PDF TEXT -----
SAMPLE
 TESTS




         COMPUTER-DELIVERED TESTING
Speaking Test Directions
This is the TOEIC® Speaking test. This test includes eleven questions that measure different aspects of your
speaking ability. The test lasts approximately 20 minutes.


  Question                               Task                                   Evaluation Criteria
                                                                                     • pronunciation
      1–2                          Read a text aloud
                                                                                 • intonation and stress
                                                                                  all of the above, plus
                                                                                         • grammar
      3–4                          Describe a picture
                                                                                       • vocabulary
                                                                                         • cohesion
                                                                                   all of the above, plus
      5–7                        Respond to questions                             • relevance of content
                                                                               • completeness of content

      8–10        Respond to questions using information provided                   all of the above

       11                         Express an opinion                                all of the above


For each type of question, you will be given specific directions, including the time allowed for preparation and
speaking.

It is to your advantage to say as much as you can in the time allowed. It is also important that you speak clearly
and that you answer each question according to the directions.




TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS                                                                  1
Questions 1–2: Read a text aloud
Directions: In this part of the test, you will read aloud the text on the screen. You will have 45 seconds to
prepare. Then you will have 45 seconds to read the text aloud.



    If you’re shopping, sightseeing and running around every minute, your vacation can seem like hard work.
    To avoid vacation stress, come to the Blue Valley Inn on beautiful Lake Mead. While staying at our inn,
    you’ll breathe clean country air as you view spectacular sights. With its spacious rooms, swimming pool
    and many outdoor activities, the inn is the perfect place for a vacation you won’t forget. The Blue Valley
    Inn prides itself on the personal attention it provides to every guest. The Blue Valley motto has always
    been “A happy guest is our greatest treasure.”




Questions 3–4: Describe a picture
Directions: In this part of the test, you will describe the picture on your screen in as much detail as you can.
You will have 45 seconds to prepare your response. Then you will have 30 seconds to speak about the picture.




2                                                             TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS
Questions 5–7: Respond to questions
Directions: In this part of the test, you will answer three questions. You will have three seconds to prepare
after you hear each question. You will have 15 seconds to respond to Questions 5 and 6, and 30 seconds to
respond to Question 7.

Example 1:
(Narrator): Imagine that a Canadian marketing firm is doing research in your country. You have agreed to
participate in a telephone interview about television viewing.



Question 5: How often do you watch television?



Question 6: What kinds of programs do you usually watch?



Question 7: Describe your favorite television program.



Example 2:
(Narrator): Imagine that a friend will be moving to your neighborhood. You are having a telephone conversation
about where you live.



Question 5: How many grocery stores are in your neighborhood, and can you walk to them?



Question 6: What’s the best time of day to go to the grocery store, and why?



Question 7: Do you usually buy all your groceries from the same store? Why or why not?




TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS                                                               3
Questions 8–10: Respond to questions using information
provided
Directions: In this part of the test, you will answer three questions based on the information provided. You will
have 45 seconds to read the information before the questions begin. You will have three seconds to prepare
and 15 seconds to respond to Questions 8 and 9. You will hear Question 10 two times. You will have three
seconds to prepare and 30 seconds to respond to Question 10.

(Narrator): Hello, I’m calling about a conference on May 27 I saw advertised in the newspaper. It’s about starting
your own business. I was hoping you could give me some information.




Question 8: Could you tell me what time the conference starts and how long it will last?



Question 9: How much does conference attendance cost?



Question 10: I may not be available for the full day. Could you give me information about the activities in the
morning, before lunchtime?




4                                                              TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS
Question 11: Express an opinion
Directions: In this part of the test, you will give your opinion about a specific topic. Be sure to say as much
as you can in the time allowed. You will have 45 seconds to prepare. Then you will have 60 seconds to speak.

Question:
(Narrator): Some people prefer to take a job that does not pay well but does provide a lot of time off from work. What
is your opinion about taking a job with a low salary that has a lot of vacation time? Give reasons for your opinion.




TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS                                                                      5
Writing Test Directions
This is the TOEIC® Writing test. This test includes eight questions that measure different aspects of your writing
ability. The test lasts approximately one hour.


    Question                             Task                                   Evaluation Criteria
                                                                                       • grammar
      1–5                 Write a sentence based on a picture              • relevance of the sentences to the
                                                                                          pictures
                                                                              • quality and variety of your
                                                                                         sentences
      6–7                    Respond to a written request
                                                                                       • vocabulary
                                                                                      • organization
                                                                          • whether your opinion is supported
                                                                              with reasons and/or examples
        8                       Write an opinion essay                                  • grammar
                                                                                      • vocabulary
                                                                                     • organization

For each type of question, you will be given specific directions, including the time allowed for writing.




6                                                              TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS
Questions 1–5: Write a sentence based on a picture
Directions: In this part of the test, you will write ONE sentence that is based on a picture. With each picture,
you will be given TWO words or phrases that you must use in your sentence. You can change the forms of the
words and you can use the words in any order.

Your sentence will be scored on

• the appropriate use of grammar, and
• the relevance of the sentence to the picture.

In this part, you can move to the next question by clicking on Next. If you want to return to a previous question,
click on Back.

You will have eight minutes to complete this part of the test.




                                               airport terminal, so




TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS                                                                  7
Questions 6–7: Respond to a written request
Directions: In this part of the test, you will show how well you can write a response to an e-mail.

Your response will be scored on

• the quality and variety of your sentences,
• vocabulary, and
• organization.

You will have 10 minutes to read and answer each e-mail.


    Directions: Read the e-mail.


    From:    Dale City Welcome Committee
    To:      New Dale City Resident
    Subject: Welcome to your new home!
    Sent:    July 23, 4:32 P.M.

    Welcome! We would like to be the first to welcome you to Dale City. We know that there are many things
    to do when you move, from finding your way around town to setting up your utilities. Please contact us
    if you need any help at all.




    Directions: Respond to the e-mail. Respond as if you have recently moved to a new city.
    In your e-mail to the committee, make at least TWO requests for information.

    (Type your response here.)




8                                                             TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS
Question 8: Write an opinion essay
Directions: In this part of the test, you will write an essay in response to a question that asks you to state,
explain, and support your opinion on an issue. Typically, an effective essay will contain a minimum of 300 words.

Your response will be scored on

• whether your opinion is supported with reasons and/or examples,
• grammar,
• vocabulary, and
• organization.

You will have 30 minutes to plan, write, and revise your essay.

  Directions: Read the question           (Type your response here.)
  below. You have 30 minutes
  to plan, write, and revise your
  essay. Typically, an effective
  response will contain a
  minimum of 300 words.


  There are many ways to find a
  job: newspaper advertisements,
  Internet job search websites,
  and personal recommendations.
  What do you think is the best
  way to find a job? Give reasons
  or examples to support your
  opinion.




TOEIC® SAMPLE TESTS — SPEAKING & WRITING TESTS                                                                  9
For more than 40 years as an industry leader, the TOEIC® program has set
the global standard for assessing English-language communication
skills needed in the workplace and everyday life. The TOEIC assessments
are the most widely used around the world, with 14,000+ organizations
across more than 160 countries trusting TOEIC scores to inform the
decisions that matter.

At nonprofit ETS, our mission is to help advance quality and equity
in education by providing fair and valid assessments, research and
related services. Our products and services measure knowledge and
skills, promote learning and performance, and support education
and professional development for all people worldwide.




                                    www.ets.org

                                                                                               149929-62285 • UNLWEB522

                                                                                                      826711
              Copyright © 2022 by ETS. All rights reserved. ETS, the ETS logo and
  TOEIC are registered trademarks of ETS in the United States and other countries. 837057003
